[Edit] Python: inheritance (#7067)
Codecademy/docs: content/python/concepts/inheritance/inheritance.md

Inheritance implements the "is-a" relationship between classes, where a child class represents a more specific version of the parent class. For example, a `Dog` class can inherit from an `Animal` class because a dog "is-a" type of animal. This relationship allows the child class to automatically access all the attributes and methods of the parent class while adding its own unique functionality.

## Syntax for Inheritance

```pseudo
class ParentClass:
  # Parent class attributes and methods
  pass

class ChildClass(ParentClass):
  # Child class inherits from ParentClass
  # Additional attributes and methods
  pass
```

**Parameters:**

- `ParentClass`: The base class from which properties and methods are inherited. Also known as the superclass or base class.
- `ChildClass`: The derived class that inherits from the parent class. Also known as the subclass or derived class.
- Parentheses `()`: Used to specify the parent class from which the child class inherits.

**Return value:**

> Inheritance does not return a value. It establishes a relationship between classes that allows the child class to access parent class attributes and methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inheritance does not return a value. It establishes a relationship between classes that allows the child class to access the parent class attributes and methods.
```

## Creating a Parent Class

> A **parent class** (also called a base class or superclass) serves as the foundation for inheritance. It contains common attributes and methods that can be shared by multiple child classes. Creating a parent class follows the same syntax as creating any other class in Python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **parent class** (also called a base class or superclass) serves as the foundation for inheritance. It contains common attributes and methods that multiple child classes can share. Creating a parent class follows the same syntax as creating any other class in Python.
```
